Format and clean up MathML (#34430)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/canvasrenderingcontext2d/settransform/index.md

setTransform(matrix)
```

The transformation matrix is described by: <math><semantics><mrow><mo>[</mo><mtable columnalign="center center center" rowspacing="0.5ex"><mtr><mtd><mi>a</mi></mtd><mtd><mi>c</mi></mtd><mtd><mi>e</mi></mtd></mtr><mtr><mtd><mi>b</mi></mtd><mtd><mi>d</mi></mtd><mtd><mi>f</mi></mtd></mtr><mtr><mtd><mn>0</mn></mtd><mtd><mn>0</mn></mtd><mtd><mn>1</mn></mtd></mtr></mtable><mo>]</mo></mrow><annotation encoding="TeX">\left[ \begin{array}{ccc} a & c & e \\ b & d & f \\ 0 & 0 & 1 \end{array} \right]</annotation></semantics></math>.

This transformation matrix gets multiplied on the left of a column vector representing each point being drawn on the canvas, to produce the final coordinate used on the canvas.

### Parameters

> `setTransform()` has two types of parameter that it can accept. The older type consists of several parameters representing the individual components of the transformation matrix to set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`setTransform()` accepts two types of parameters. The older type consists of several parameters representing the individual components of the transformation matrix to set:
```
